minute changes to manuscript (#2)
DominiqueMakowski/PHQ4R: paper/4_WIP/manuscript.qmd

Participants were also asked to complete two questionnaires of interoception, namely the Interoceptive Accuracy Scale [IAS - 21 items rated on analog scales, @murphy2020testing] and the Multidimensional Assessment of Interoceptive Awareness [MAIA-2 - 37 items, @mehling2018multidimensional].

After demographic questions, participants were asked to report the current presence of psychiatric issues (from a list), as well as the usage of treatment (antidepressants, mood stabilizers, anxiolytics, therapy). We indexed the presence of a depression when participants reported suffering from either Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) or Dysthymia, as well as undergoing a medical treatment. Similarly, we indexed the presence of an anxiety disorder when participants reported suffering from either Generalized Anxiety Disorder (GAD) or Panic Disorder, as well as undergoing a medical treatment.

### Procedure

> The original or refined version of the PHQ-4 was followed by the BDI-II, STAI-5, IAS, and MAIA-2, presented in random order. The IAS and the MAIA-2 were included as part of another study focused on interoception, and ere only used in this stud as part of data quality control checks. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The original or refined version of the PHQ-4 was followed by the BDI-II, STAI-5, IAS, and MAIA-2, presented in random order. The IAS (ref?) and the MAIA-2 (ref?) were included as part of another focused on interoception, and were only used in this study as part of data quality control checks. 
```

Reviewer: @AnafNeves can you add the IAS and MAIA refs pliz thanks!
